Caladia: It's frustrating to have to go back to production models, but it's all I could fit in my backpack, alongside some reagents and food of course.
Caladia: It's also frustrating that it seems like all the meaningful interactions these strange elements have are locked behind special glyphs that are *incredibly* difficult to manufacture.
Caladia: I do have enough material to create this new glyph though... "Putrefaction".
Caladia: I do have to be careful with it though, it consumes atoms in it's use, and unlike projection and rejection, it seems like I _cannot_ get this... "metallicity" back.
Caladia: This is... _overwhelming_ to say the least. But I just need to start small...
Caladia: So many new names... neumetals, volics.
Caladia: The strange metals I found, the fizzing one is called... "Gelaron"... 'Gel' like Jelly?
Caladia: No, it must be named for some other reason...
Caladia: And this other, black and chalky metal, "Mitrum"...
Caladia: Looks like I can create the other four Neumetals with these two, but I'm going to need more complicated glyphs if I want to create these other two "volics", 'Frixon' and 'Zephiron'.
Caladia: Focus, Caladia, focus!
Caladia: I just need to produce some of each of these metals, just to prove their cyclical nature.

-----------

Caladia_h: I can't believe it actually worked!
Caladia_h: They all behave so... interestingly.
Caladia_h: Mitrum, relatively safe, strong bonding capabilities.
Caladia_h: Azulum, obviously named after how blue it is. It's also a little volatile, stings a little to touch bare handed, stains fingers blue.
Caladia_h: Iridium, so very crystal-like! It's fascinating how all of these share metal-like and cardinal-like qualities, but this one especially
Caladia_h: Taceum, dangerous. I already read from these notes in this old research that it is very poisonous. Almost as much as True Mors.
Caladia_h: and finally, Hestium, not only does it look similar to a dimmer gold in it's lustre and faint yellow-silver hue, but it's also basically inert, so stable compared to the other Neumetals
Caladia_h: Everything about these metals is deeply fascinating, even down to their transmutations! Instead of promoting or rejecting on a line, they exist on a cyclical ring!