Caladia: Aurum...
Caladia: Both the old name for gold, and now recognized as the "metal of the gods".
Caladia: Once gold was renamed, and Osmium and Uranium were discovered, Aurum took upon a new meaning
Caladia: Each time a metal above gold was discovered, each having stranger properties than the last, each supposedly even closer to the gods and goddesses above than the previous.
Caladia: Aurum became more of this fantasy, a mythical substance. Supposedly the metal of all metals, the strongest, lightest, hardest to melt, healing to the touch, what angels adorn themselves in, the only offering that could truly impress a god, fuel for magic spells.
Caladia: Countless fables and fairytales use it, to the point that if you need a fake, all-powerful substance, you would just call it Aurum.
Caladia_h: And yet, here, in front of me, is a recipe that supposedly _makes_ Aurum.
Caladia: Putting aside the grandeur, of course this Neumetallic-Metal Alloy isn't actually all that, those were myths stapled on later.
Caladia: It does seem that this alloy exhibits incredibly outstanding properties though, and I cannot wait to create some.

-----------

Caladia_h: Its... magnificent.
Caladia_h: If there was ever a substance that should bear the name Aurum, this is definitely it. It has a decent heft, but somehow is lighter than the gold I used in it.
Caladia_h: Trying to follow the reasoning in these notes... the Gold acts as a strong base; malleable, but durable, inert. Mitrum binds it together like supporting beams and columns in a building, and the Hestium builds on aspects of the other two, acting as a sort of channeling force to prevent Neuvolics near it from decomposing into other elements.
Caladia_h: I cannot believe the amount of genius at play in this research, and from the way it's written, it seems most of these papers were worked on by upwards of fifteen, twenty, maybe even twenty five people.
Caladia_h: I can't believe this research never got out into the alchemic world, but I don't have any more time to dwell on such things.
Caladia_h: I think I know what stop I want to get off at, and if my estimates are correct, then the train is already halfway there.
